{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Chicken Shawarma with Tomato, Cucumber, and Tahini\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Shawarma is a popular Middle Eastern dish featuring marinated meat cooked slowly on a spit and then shaved into thin slices. We've created a roasted version which is just as juicy and ready in a fraction of the time. The spiced chicken is served with warm naan, creamy tahini sauce, and a refreshing chopped salad.
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\f2 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 lemons, divided \
1 red onion, divided \
3 cloves garlic, divided \
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts \
1 spice mix (1 teaspoon ground cumin \'bd teaspoon smoked paprika \'bc teaspoon turmeric)\
 
\f3 \uc0\u8539 
\f1  teaspoon cayenne pepper \
3 tablespoons tahini \
2 pieces naan \
3 tomatoes \
\'bd English cucumber \
\'bc ounce fresh parsley
\f2 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Other Stuff Needed:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 3 tablespoons olive oil \
3 tablespoons water \
kosher salt \
black pepper \
large resealable plastic bag (optional) \
12" large pan aluminum foil\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Directions:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Prepare Ingredients \
Halve lemons. Peel onion, halve, and thinly slice \'bd; mince remainder. Mince garlic. Pat chicken dry with paper towel\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2. Marinate Chicken \
In a large shallow bowl or resealable plastic bag, combine spice mix, juice of \'bd lemon, sliced onion, \'bd of garlic, and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Add as much cayenne pepper as desired (it's spicy!) Add chicken and turn to coat. Set aside to marinate at room temperature for at least 10 minutes.\
\
3. Make Tahini Dressing \
While chicken marinates, whisk together tahini, juice of \'bd lemon, and remaining garlic in a medium bowl until fully combined. Whisking continuously, slowly add 3 tablespoons warm water until smooth and pourable. Season with 
\f3 \uc0\u8539 
\f1  teaspoon salt and pepper as desired.\
\
4. Warm Naan and Sear Chicken \
Place naan in a large pan over medium heat. Toast until golden, 2 minutes per side, then remove from pan. Cover loosely with foil to keep warm. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in pan from naan. Remove chicken from marinade. Season all over with \'bd teaspoon salt and pepper as desired. When oil is shimmering, add chicken. Scatter marinated onion around. Cook until onion is softened and chicken is no longer pink, 3-4 minutes per side.\
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 5. Make Salad \
While chicken sears, rinse tomatoes and cucumber and roughly chop. Rinse parsley and roughly chop leaves, discarding stems. Add vegetables to a medium bowl along with minced onion, juice of remaining 1 lemon, and 1 tablespoon olive oil. Toss to coat. Taste and season with salt and pepper as desired.\
\
6. Plate Chicken \
Thinly slice chicken. Serve with onion and salad. Drizzle tahini sauce over everything and use naan for scooping. Delight in your satisfying shawarma dinner!\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
Tips:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- The chicken might have a slight odor as a natural reaction to its vacuum packing. \
- USDA recommends cooking chicken to 165\'b0F.\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
Cook Time: 35-45 Minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving: 660
\f2 \
}