{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cold Sesame Noodles with Cucumber and Bell Pepper
\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Leggy, eggy, and lucky, Chinese long life noodles are thought to signify good fortune and longevity. Tender and chewy, here they're served cold with crisp cucumber and smoky red bell pepper tossed in peanut-soy sauce. Warmer weather means it's time to jump on the cold noodle bandwagon.\
\

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 2 cloves garlic \
\uc0\u8539  ounce fresh basil \
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts\
8 ounces rigatoni \
\'bc teaspoon crushed red pepper \
2 cups tomato pur\'e9e \
\'bc cup heavy cream \
\'bc cup grated pecorino cheese \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Other Stuff Needed:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - kosher salt \
- 10" large pot \
- 10" medium pan\
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. Prepare Ingredients Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Trim and discard skin of ginger and mince. Rinse bell pepper and halve lengthwise, discarding seeds. Thinly slice lengthwise. Rinse cucumber, halve lengthwise, and thinly slice crosswise.\
\
2. Cook Long Life Noodles Add salt generously to pot of boiling water. Stir in long life noodles and cook until tender but still chewy, 2-3 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold water for 30 seconds to stop cooking (see Recipe Tip).\
\
3. Saut\'e9 Bell Pepper Heat \'bd tablespoon sesame oil in a medium pan over medium-high heat. When oil is shimmering, add bell pepper. Season with \'bc teaspoon kosher salt and saut\'e9, stirring, until tender and browning in spots, about 5 minutes. Remove pan from heat.\
\
4. Make Dressing While bell pepper saut\'e9s, in a bowl large enough for all the noodles, whisk together soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, tahini paste, peanut butter, agave, ginger, remaining sesame oil, and as much gochujang as desired (it's spicy!).\
\
5. Season Long Life Noodles Add bell pepper, cucumber, and long life noodles to bowl with dressing and toss thoroughly to coat (see Recipe Tip). Taste and add salt as needed.\
\
6. Plate Long Life Noodles That's it! Enjoy long life noodles in your favorite bowls.\
\
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Tips:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- Rinsing noodles under cold water keeps them from continuing to cook and become gummy. \
- When working with a large amount of noodles, use tongs to really toss them with the sauce several times until they're completely coated.\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
Cook Time: 20-30 minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving: 720
\f2 \cf2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf2 \
\
\
\
\
\

\f2 \
}