{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Spaghetti and Meatballs with Pesto, Peas, and Fava Beans
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This seasonal twist on classic spaghetti and meatballs is vibrantly verdant. Pesto, chives, parsley, peas, and fava beans add perfect pops of color and flavor to a well-loved dish.\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1 clove garlic \
1 shallot \
1 clamshell chives and parsley \
12 ounces ground beef \
3 tablespoons ricotta cheese \
2 tablespoons breadcrumbs \
6 ounces spaghetti \
1 cup peas \
\'bc cup fava beans \
\'bc cup pesto
\f2 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \'bd tablespoon + 1 teaspoon olive oil \
1 egg \
kosher salt \
black pepper 
\f2 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Other Stuff Needed:\
12" large pot \
12" large pan aluminum foil baking sheet\
\
Directions:\
1. Prepare Ingredients \
Preheat oven to 375\'b0F. Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Mince garlic. Peel shallot and mince. Thinly slice chives. Finely chop parsley leaves, discarding stems. Pat beef dry with paper towel.\
\
2. Form Meatballs \
Heat 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. When oil is shimmering, add garlic and shallot. Saut\'e9 until shallot is translucent, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a large bowl. Add ricotta, breadcrumbs, beef, \'bd of parsley, 1 egg, \'bd teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper as desired. Using your hands, mix well. Form into 12 balls, about 1-inch in diame\
\
3. Bake Meatballs Transfer meatballs to oven and bake until browned on outside and cooked through, about 12 minutes.\
\
4. Cook Spaghetti \
While meatballs bake, add salt generously to pot of boiling water. Stir in spaghetti and cook until al dente, about 9 minutes. Reserve 1 cup pasta cooking water, then drain and set aside.\
\
5. Season Spaghetti \
Heat \'bd tablespoon olive oil in pan from garlic and shallot over medium heat. Add peas and fava beans and cook, stirring, until warmed through, 1-2 minutes. Add spaghetti, pesto, chives, and remaining parsley and stir to combine. Add reserved pasta cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce is thick and clings to noodles (see Recipe Tip). Taste and add salt and pepper as needed.\
\
6. Plate Spaghetti \
Add meatballs to pan with spaghetti and toss to coat. Twirl a fork in and enjoy!\
\
\
Tips:\
- Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- Starchy pasta cooking water will give your sauce a perfect consistency and help it to cling to the noodles. Keep adding it until the sauce is silky\'97you may need more than you think. \
- USDA recommends cooking ground beef to 160\'b0F.\
\
Cook Time: 35-45 minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving: 800
\f2 \cf2 \
}