{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chicken Rigatoni with Creamy Marinara Sauce
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Here, rigatoni is cooked with tasty marinara from Nello's, a small-batch sauce maker we love. Tender chicken, fragrant basil, and salty pecorino are perfect additions, making this dinner altogether satisfying.\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2 cloves garlic \
3 ounces baby lettuce \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \uc0\u8539 
\f1  ounce fresh basil \
2 boneless skinless chicken breasts  \
8 ounces rigatoni \
\'bc teaspoon crushed red pepper \
2 cups tomato pur\'e9e \
\'bc cup heavy cream \
\'bc cup grated pecorino cheese \
1 tablespoon red wine vinegar
\f2 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 2 tablespoons + 1 teaspoon olive oil \
2 kosher \
salt \
black pepper 
\f2 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Other Stuff Needed:\
\
8" medium pot \
12" large pan\
\
Directions:\
1. Prepare Ingredients \
Bring a medium pot of water to a boil over high heat. Thinly slice garlic. Rinse baby lettuce. Rinse basil and roughly tear leaves, discarding stems. Rinse chicken and pat dry with paper towel.\
\
2. Sear Chicken \
Season chicken all over with \'bd teaspoon kosher salt and black pepper as desired. Heat 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. When oil is shimmering, add chicken and sear until cooked through and no longer pink, about 6 minutes per side. Remove from pan and using 2 forks or tongs, shred into bite-size pieces. Set aside.\
\
3. Cook Rigatoni \
While chicken sears, add salt generously to pot of boiling water. Stir in rigatoni and cook until al dente, about 10 minutes. Reserve \'bd cup pasta cooking water, then drain and set aside.\
\
4. Warm Marinara Sauce \
While rigatoni cooks, wipe pan from chicken clean and add 1 teaspoon olive oil over medium heat. When oil is shimmering, add as much crushed red pepper as desired and garlic. Saut\'e9, stirring, until golden, about 1 minute. Stir in tomato pur\'e9e. Season with \'bc teaspoon kosher salt and black pepper. Cook, stirring occasionally, until warmed through, 6-8 minutes.\
\
5. Season Rigatoni \
Add heavy cream, rigatoni, and shredded chicken to pan with marinara sauce over medium heat and cook, stirring, until warmed through, 1-2 minutes. Add reserved pasta cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce is thick and clings to noodles (see Recipe Tip). Remove pan from heat. Stir in pecorino and basil.\
\
6. Plate Chicken Rigatoni \
In a large bowl, whisk together red wine vinegar and 1 tablespoon olive oil until fully combined. Season with \'bc teaspoon kosher salt and black pepper as desired. Add baby lettuce and toss to coat. Serve salad alongside chicken rigatoni and enjoy.\
\
\
Tips:\
- Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- Starchy pasta cooking water will give your sauce a perfect consistency and help it to cling to the noodles. Keep adding it until the sauce is silky\'97you may need more than you think. \
- The chicken might have a slight odor as a natural reaction to its vacuum packing. \
- USDA recommends cooking chicken to 165\'b0F.\
\
\
Cook Time:  20-30 Minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving: 720
\f2 \cf2 \
}