{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Garlic Shrimp Spaghetti with Parsley, Lemon, and White Wine\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shrimp pasta is a dish loved by pretty much everyone, and it's easy to see why. In this version, garlic, lemon, and white wine add a serious amount of depth and flavor, while red pepper flakes give a hit of heat. Finished with fragrant chopped parsley, this is a meal you'll love for its simplicity and bright flavors.\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf0 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
2 cloves garlic \
1 lemon \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \uc0\u8539 
\f1  ounce fresh parsley, divided \
8 ounces shrimp \
2 packets butter \
\'bd cup white wine \
\'bc teaspoon crushed red pepper \
8 ounces spaghetti
\f2 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 1 teaspoon olive oil \
kosher salt \
black pepper 
\f2 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 Other Stuff Needed:\
10" large pot \
12" large pan\
\
Directions:\
\
1. Prepare Ingredients \
Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Mince garlic. Halve lemon. Rinse parsley and finely chop leaves, discarding stems. Pat shrimp dry with paper towel.\
\
2. Saut\'e9 Aromatics \
Heat butter and 1 teaspoon olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. When butter is foamy, add white wine, as much crushed red pepper as desired, and garlic and saut\'e9, stirring, until garlic is softened and wine is reduced by \'bd, about 4 minutes.\
\
3. Cook Spaghetti \
While aromatics saut\'e9, generously season boiling water with salt. Stir in spaghetti and cook until al dente, about 8 minutes. Reserve \'bd cup pasta cooking water, then drain.\
\
4. Cook Shrimp \
While spaghetti cooks, season shrimp all over with \'bd teaspoon salt and pepper as desired. Add to pan with garlic and stir to coat. Increase heat to medium high and cook until shrimp is just pink, 1-2 minutes per side.\
\
5. Season Spaghetti \
Add spaghetti to pan with shrimp over medium heat and stir to combine. Add reserved pasta cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce is thick and clings to noodles (see Recipe Tip). Remove pan from heat. Stir in juice of 1 lemon and \'bd of parsley. Taste and add salt and pepper as needed.\
\
6. Plate Spaghetti \
Garnish shrimp spaghetti with remaining parsley and dig into your killer dinner.\
\
Tips:\
\
- Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- Starchy pasta cooking water will give your sauce a perfect consistency and help it to cling to the noodles. Keep adding it until the sauce is silky\'97you may need more than you think. \
- USDA recommends cooking shellfish to 145\'b0F.\
\
Cook Time: 20-30minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving: 430
\f2 \cf2 \
}