{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Balsamic Steak Sandwiches with Creamy Horseradish and Quick Pickles\
\
\
Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 The creamy horseradish in this recipe adds richness and heat to a crowdpleasing favorite: steak sandwiches. Here, balsamic-marinated flat iron steak is sliced thinly atop horseradish-slathered baguettes. Zingy, quick pickled cucumbers add balance in this supremely satisfying meal.
\f0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Ingredients:\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar \
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce \
2 flat iron steaks \
\'bd English cucumber \
\'bd cup apple cider vinegar \
1 plum tomato \
\'bc ounce basil \
1 lemon \
2 teaspoons horseradish \
1\'bd ounces mayonnaise \
2 baguettes \
1 ounce arugula\
\
Other Stuff Needed:\
- 3\'bd tablespoons olive oil \
- kosher salt \
- black pepper \
- large resealable plastic bag (optional) \
- aluminum foil \
- 12" large pan\
\
\
Directions:\
1. Marinate Steak In a large shallow bowl or resealable plastic bag, whisk together balsamic vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, and 2 tablespoons olive oil until fully combined. Pat steaks dry with paper towel. Add steaks to marinade and turn to coat. Set aside to marinate at room temperature for about 10 minutes.\
\
2. Prepare Ingredients While steaks marinate, rinse all produce. Cut cucumber into \'bc-inch slices and place in a medium bowl. Add apple cider vinegar and \'bc teaspoon salt, and toss to combine. Set aside to pickle until ready to serve. Cut tomato into \'bc-inch slices, place on a plate, and season with \'bc teaspoon salt. Roughly tear basil leaves, discarding stems. Halve lemon.\
\
3. Cook Steaks Heat \'bd tablespoon olive oil in a large pan over medium-high heat. Remove steaks from marinade, allowing excess to drip off. Season all over with \'bd teaspoon salt and pepper as desired. When oil is shimmering, add steaks and cook until browned and medium rare, 4- 5 minutes per side. Remove from pan and set aside to rest for about 5 minutes.\
\
4. Make Horseradish Sauce While steaks rest, in a medium bowl, whisk together horseradish, mayonnaise, and juice of \'bd lemon. Season with 
\f2 \uc0\u8539 
\f1  teaspoon salt and a generous amount of pepper. Use remaining\
\
5. Toast Baguettes Wipe pan from steaks clean and place over medium heat. Halve baguettes lengthwise, and add to pan cut-side down. Toast until golden, working in batches if needed, 4-5 minutes. Remove and slather toasted sides with horseradish sauce.\
\
6. Plate Sandwiches Drain cucumbers and return to bowl. Add basil and 1 tablespoon olive oil, tossing to coat. Slice steaks against the grain as thinly as possible (see Recipe Tip). Divide steak, tomatoes, and arugula evenly between baguettes, then halve on a diagonal. Serve sandwiches with pickled cucumber.\
\
Tips:\
- Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- Cutting meat against the grain ensures tenderness. Find the direction of the grain (muscle fibers) and slice across it, rather than parallel. \
- USDA recommends cooking beef to 145\'b0F.\
\
Cook Time: 30-40 minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving: 780\
\
\
\
}