{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red75\green75\blue75;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c36471\c36471\c36471;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Title:\
Fresh Spaghetti with Heirloom Tomatoes and Burrata\
\
Description:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A simple basil-infused pasta sauce is one of our favorite ways to showcase sweet summer tomatoes. Here, we're adding white wine to the sauce for depth, then tossing in al dente spaghetti and pecorino cheese. Pieces of ethereally creamy burrata take this glorious pasta to the next level. 
\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f2 Ingredients:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 1 clove garlic \
1 pint heirloom cherry tomatoes \
\'bc ounce fresh basil, divided \

\f3 \uc0\u8539 
\f1  teaspoon crushed red pepper \
2 tablespoons white wine \
\'bd cup tomato pur\'e9e \
8 ounces fresh spaghetti \
2 tablespoons grated pecorino cheese  \
8 ounces burrata cheese
\f2 \cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Other Stuff Needed:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 2 tablespoons olive oil \
kosher salt \
black pepper \
10" large pot \
12" large pan\
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Directions:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 1. Prepare Ingredients\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Bring a large pot of water to a boil over high heat. Mince garlic. Rinse tomatoes and halve. Rinse basil and set aside 1 whole sprig; roughly chop remaining leaves, discarding stems.\
\
2. Saut\'e9 Tomatoes \
Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in a large pan over medium heat. When oil is shimmering, add as much crushed red pepper as desired and garlic and saut\'e9, stirring, until fragrant, about 1 minute. Increase heat to medium-high and add tomatoes. Saut\'e9, breaking up tomatoes with a spoon, until they begin to soften, 4-5 minutes. Season with \'bc teaspoon salt and black pepper as desired.\
\
3. Simmer Tomato Sauce \
Add white wine, tomato pur\'e9e, and whole basil sprig to pan with tomatoes. Increase heat to high and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium and simmer, stirring occasionally, until tomatoes are very tender, 1-2 minutes. Remove pan from heat.\
\
4. Cook Spaghetti \
Season boiling water generously with salt. Stir in spaghetti and cook until al dente, about 3 minutes. Reserve \'bd cup pasta cooking water, then drain.\
\
5. Season Spaghetti \
Remove and discard basil sprig from tomato sauce, then add spaghetti to pan, over medium heat. Cook, stirring, until coated and warmed through, 1-2 minutes. Add reserved pasta cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until sauce is thick and clings to noodles (see Recipe Tip). Stir in pecorino. Taste and add more salt and black pepper as needed.\
\
6. Plate Spaghetti \
Plate spaghetti. Remove burrata from container, discarding excess liquid (see Recipe Tip). Tear into bite-sized pieces and place over plated spaghetti. Garnish with chopped basil for a pop of color, grab a fork, and twirl away.\
\
\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Tips:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 - Be sure to read through the entire recipe before you begin cooking. Trust us\'97you'll be glad you did! \
- Starchy pasta cooking water will give your sauce a perfect consistency and help it to cling to the noodles. Keep adding it until the sauce is silky\'97you may need more than you think. \
- Burrata is delicate, so be sure to handle it gently. Discard only the watery liquid from the container, not cheese solids.\cf3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Cook Time: 25-35 minutes\
Serves: 2\
Calories Per Serving:  890
\f2 \
}